You're having champagne, ma'am?
Make some snack Pil Joo likes.
What about the thing I gave you...
to put in the treats for Mooshimjae?
I threw it away.
Why wouldn't you follow my order?
Why would you throw it away when I didn't order?
I need it right now.
Ms. Icheon.
Attorney Kang, please stop Executive Jung.
Executive Jung...
gave it to me to put in the treats for Mooshimjae.
I didn't put it in because something didn't sit right with me.
I hoped that I was wrong, but I was afraid.
So I poured it on a silver spoon. And the color changed.
I think that it could be poison.
But...
she asked me for it because she needs it tonight.
When I told her that I threw it away,
she got so upset.
I don't feel comfortable with this.
Attorney Kang,
please stop Executive Jung.
Not those flowers.
They don't suit tonight's meeting.
If you accompany and pick the flowers,
I will make a centerpiece with your selection.
How was...
my performance?
Someone in Mooshimwon...
still looks after you...
fortunately.
You don't have the right to end your life, Executive Jung.
You will...
have to pay for what you did in prison.
Detectives...
will be here soon.
Mom.
(Final Episode)
Take care of the house.
I have done nothing wrong.
My innocence will be proven soon.
I'll be back.
Secretary Ahn.
Contact Attorney Park and...
I'm sorry, Executive Jung.
My duty...
ends here.
Hee Young.
Were you working for Pil Joo?
Since when?
Let's go.
Mom. I'll follow you.
If you can't understand the will your mother left,
I wonder how you passed the bar exam with that brain of yours.
You cannot waste...
your valuable life by letting your hatred and anger...
rule your life.
I want my son...
to grow up healthy...
and live a happy life.
You can never be happy in a life...
where a revenge becomes your goal.
Pil Joo.
Please keep this in mind.
Mom, you know nothing.
I read my mother's will again.
Just like you said,
I have misunderstood it.
But I don't regret reading it wrong.
Even if I understood it correctly,
I wouldn't have listened to my mom.
What a brat.
You're one stubborn punk.
I didn't...
recognize some parts in the last section of the will.
My mom's wish was for me to show the Jangs...
that I have grown into a fine man...
despite their attempt to murder me.
I have lived with the family of businessmen...
for 20 years, and the best success I could have is owning a business.
That's the only trade I've learned.
What a punk. How dare you blame me for your mistake?
If you don't comply with what I'm about to tell you,
I will go into the river...
Jung Mal Ran threw me and will not come out from it.
Is that a threat?
Do you think your life means anything to me?
I'm the most competent grandson among the ones you have.
You don't have an alternative except me.
You ungrateful punk.
Two things.
First, you must...
end inheriting Cheong A based on hereditary factors.
Only then Cheong A which you love the most in this world...
will flourish for a long time.
What did you say?
If you didn't insist on inheriting the company to a Jang,
Executive Jung...
wouldn't have tried to kill me, Kyung Cheon,
and my mom.
You made Yeo Cheon and Boo Cheon compete against each other,
but...
there wasn't much difference in the end.
So...
what's your point?
You must construct a system that...
the independent board of executives will hold an election...
to select the CEO who will take responsibility...
of the company.
The second condition is...
that you must invest...
all of your slush fund in Cheong A Bio's research...
for developing the new medicine.
Unbelievable. You're testing my patience.
Only then,
even after your death,
Cheong A will survive for 100 years...
or even longer than that.
You may pass away,
but Cheong A will remain.
Cheong A...
Jang Kook Hwan built.
It's a system that independent board of executives...
will hold an election to select the CEO of the company.
You can still become the CEO even if you're part of the founder's family.
All you need to do is pass the system.
The position cannot be handed to you...
just because you're from the founder's family.
The objective is that the selection must be solely based on the merits.
If Cheong A thrives under the CEO's management,
we'll keep the CEO,
but if the CEO harms the company, the position will be taken away.
All right.
The basic salary is 5 million dollars...
with 100 percent bonus of the basic salary.
If you make a good outcome,
you will receive total 100 million dollars a year.
You can also receive it as stocks if you want.
Retirement pay is separate.
Father.
Did you really approve this?
It's all for Cheong A.
We're not going to decide it now.
We only suggest it, and the committee will decide it.
- I can't agree... - You will...
have to agree to it eventually.
Okay.
I'll take that as everyone agreed. Mr. Woo.
Yes, sir.
Take this decision to the committee...
and discuss it further.
Yes, sir.
Grandfather. I'll drive you today.
I'll drive you today, sir.
Sure.
Chairman Jang Kook Hwan. Chairman Jang Kook Hwan.
Father. It's me.
It's me, Jang Yoo Chul.
I'm here.
Father. Your son...
Kim Yoo Chul.
It hasn't been long since I gave you a large sum of money.
It's Jang Yoo Chul.
Did you get rid of other children out of wedlock...
to take Cheong A all to yourself?
Put some effort.
Don't live like this.
You jerk...
Hey. You jerk.
You're such a jerk. You...
Do you think you're going to be okay?
You'll end up miserable too.
According to the official of Cheong A Group,
the committee has decided to change the group's management system.
Let's hear what it is about.
Cheong A owner family has announced to end hereditary management...
and proposed to change to a professional executive system.
Also, Honorary Chairman Jang Kook Hwan...
gave 4 billion dollars for Cheong A Bio Research fund.
Chairman Jang Kook Hwan stated his view that...
a new development of medicine will feed the whole nation.
Cheong A Group...
When did I say I'll give four billion dollars?
What is this all about?
Continue to make a social donation?
It seems late, but your path will...
influence other group leaders.
Many people have said they're amazed by you and Cheong A.
You played with my money.
You're bold in word only.
Go away.
Take a rest, sir.
Chairman Jang. Chairman Jang.
Grandfather.
How is he today?
He's recovering now.
He'll be able to talk soon.
Are you discharged?
Yes.
Chairman Jang.
I will...
leave my favorite book of poetry.
("Giant Root")
When I was in a labor movement,
I read those poems to my wife...
on my way back home holding my wife's hand...
from the factory.
My wife...
likes Poet Kim Soo Young.
He probably has a lot to say to you.
He must feel stifling.
That healthy old man can't speak.
Chairman Jang.
Now that...
I've come to my senses,
I realized...
that I don't even deserve to hold a press conference.
I'll turn myself in to the prosecutor's office first.
You can take time.
(Investigation on slush fund of Cheong A Group and Na Gi Chul)
The former Congressman Na Gi Chul is suspected for receiving bribery...
is in custody.
For 5 years from October 2012...
to September 2017,
he received slush fund from Cheong A...
and bribed major personnel...
in politics.
The prosecutors are planning to investigate related people soon.
Mom.
I'm just thankful...
that he is alive.
I'm going to rest.
Cheong A Foundation's...
double account book.
You've...
deciphered the code.
I couldn't.
Attorney Kang gave it to me.
This data...
contains the process of how Cheong A Foundation...
prepared the fund...
they gave to Congressman Na...
and the amount.
If it's revealed,
Pil Joo won't be safe either.
I think Attorney Kang is prepared.
He's prepared to go to prison...
to ruin the Jangs.
Father...
doesn't know how Cheong A Foundation prepared the fund.
The data I'm giving you...
is from Kang Pil Joo.
Why would Chairman Kang Pil Joo give you this data?
It'd put him in danger too.
He didn't only give me the data.
He also saved my father...
and protected him.
If it wasn't for him,
the truth...
would've been buried for ever.
I have a favor to ask you.
Please make favorable arrangements for Kang Pil Joo...
who became a whistle blower.
Without him,
you could've never revealed...
the crime of Cheong A's owner family.
(Na Mo Hyun received help from Chairman Kang Pil Joo.)
Since it is humane act...
The former Congressman Na Gi Chul...
was threatened by Cheong A's owner family...
who was afraid of revealing the truth...
and was instigated to commit suicide.
Kang Pil Joo disguised Na Gi Chul's death...
and protected him until recently.
In the reported document, she said she was sexually harassed...
Father.
People's comments say...
that Kang Pil Joo's act of whistle blowing was brave.
They're complimenting him.
Moving onto the next news. Executive Na Mo Hyun of Cheong A...
Release the public relations team immediately...
and report that Na Mo Hyun was lying...
and there's no such thing as...
a double account book in Cheong A Foundation.
Her data is fake.
The data is real.
I will...
reveal the details at the prosecution's investigation.
Pil Joo.
(Chairman Kang Pil Joo confirmed the existence of double account book.)
In the investigation, Chairman Kang Pil Joo...
That tiger's child, Kang Pil Joo...
is taking all of us up...
in his mouth.
Mo Hyun.
I'm sorry.
I ruined and invalidated...
what has to be...
the happiest time...
in your life...
due to my greed.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I'm proud of you, Dad.
Thank you for returning to Dad...
that I was always proud of.
Honey.
I'll forgive you now.
I've waited until you apologize...
to Mo Hyun sincerely.
I'll serve you with my best while you're in prison.
You just need to promise me one thing.
You will not...
- get sick in there. - Honey.
(Na Mo Hyun)
(Resignation)
Pil Joo.
How...
The Jangs and I are willingly getting investigated...
by the prosecutor's office...
so that we're on trial without detention.
(Resignation)
Aide Yang told me.
You're going to quit the foundation...
- and join the politics. - Yes.
I'm not going to rush.
I'm going to start small.
How about...
starting politics small...
from here in Cheong A Foundation?
You can work as a director of the foundation...
and make a foundation rule...
of donating the corporate profit to the society.
You can run the foundation clean so that there will never be...
black money in the foundation.
That also needs...
as much political power as entering the legislation.
It's probably not easy for you to work here...
since this is where Congressman Na's...
slush fund came from.
I'll think about it.
I know...
this will sound preposterous,
but this is the only word...
in this world.
I'm sorry.
I know...
you will not forgive me...
for using you for my revenge.
I'm sorry.
My father.
Me.
Boo Cheon and his mother.
Seo Won and Ha Jung.
We all owe you our lives.
You can take that...
as a payment...
now.
I was always afraid to see you.
I thought...
you'd reach your hand out to me.
I thought I might stop you from leaving.
We both...
want each other.
After making the suggestion that you can't reject,
I wondered what I should do.
The distance between you and me.
I'm well aware...
that you can't reduce that distance.
The reason you didn't come close to me...
was to...
keep your manner...
to me.
So...
I never expect that distance...
to be shortened.
I'm going to...
keep the man I saved...
and the man who saved me...
in my heart.
[VIU Ver] E24 Money Flower "Fly High"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'll leave now.
Soo Man.
Honey,
you came back alive.
You told me that you'd go to...
Ahn Ho Kyung,
Eun Cheon,
and Kyung Cheon that day.
That's why I did it.
I regretted a lot...
what I did...
to you.
So I tried so hard to blow life back into you.
I desperately hoped that you would get up...
so that you could...
scold me...
and yell at me.
But Father removed...
your respirator...
and made you die.
And you rose from the dead...
and came to see me.
Pil Joo,
get out immediately.
Now.
Honey, where are you going?
Now that you returned alive,
you should be with me.
Are you going to Ahn Ho Kyung again?
Come back! Please!
I said come back here!
I'll kill him again.
I will kill...
all of them...
just like I killed Soo Man.
What brings you here at this late hour?
Pil Joo,
I'm leaving Mooshimwon.
I already moved...
all my stuff out this afternoon.
I must've left already.
I thought I could leave this place...
only if I did it all of a sudden.
After all my stuff left,
Mooshimwon felt so strange...
even though I was...
born and raised here.
Now that you know...
how Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man passed away,
I guess your revenge is over.
Are you happy now?
Pil Joo,
have you ever envied me?
I have envied you a lot.
You're not only strong-minded...
but also good at fighting and studying.
You never back off,
and everyone in Mooshimwon liked you so much.
I even felt jealous...
about the absence of your mother.
But you turned out...
to be the most pitiful guy.
You're such a great guy.
But you've devoted your entire life to a revenge,
and that's really sad,
Pil Joo.
Even if I could go back to the old days,
I'm sure I'd choose to live like this.
You would.
That's who you are.
Pil Joo.
You once...
worked just for me.
And this is the end of our story.
We might run into each other someday,
but let's just ignore each other.
I insist.
If you say so.
Goodbye.
The defendants...
privatized the corporate asset...
and caused substantial damage to property of the shareholders.
They also offered money to a politician,
which was the slush fund they created in the process.
The charges are deemed to be grave.
However,
considering that the defendants...
admitted their guilt, cooperated with the investigation,
and pledged to pay their forfeit in a faithful manner,
penalty was made favorably...
as follows.
Defendant Jang Kook Hwan...
is sentenced to seven years in prison.
Defendant Jang Seong Man is sentenced to seven years in prison.
Defendant Kang Pil Joo...
is sentenced to three years in prison.
Defendant Jung Mal Ran...
Defendant Jang Yeo Cheon...
is sentenced to a year in prison.
You should get back up again.
I can't do things without you.
I asked you...
to help my lonely son,
Boo Cheon become the chairman.
You did a perfect job fulfilling my request.
You're an amazing man.
Pil Joo, Boo Cheon is here.
He's the chairman of Cheong A Bio. He's here.
I should get going.
Mom.
Pil Joo's father.
And my father.
You killed them all.
What did you want to get...
by doing all that?
How can I be so fine...
even after finding it out?
Because you stole a march on me.
That's why I can't be insane.
I want to lose my mind.
But if I do,
we will end up too miserable.
That's why I'm struggling not to lose my mind.
Boo Cheon.
Cheong A is mine.
And you are my son.
Cheong A is yours.
When you come to your senses...
and receive punishment,
I'll stay with you all the time.
So trust me...
and come to your senses.
We will hold out together.
Please.
Chairman.
- You're back. - How have you been?
(Chairman Woo Chang Sun)
- Chairman Woo. - I've been so stressed out...
that I suffer from irritable colon syndrome.
I go to the bathroom too often that I can't even work well.
Well...
I'll submit my resignation.
You should be back.
I'm here to say goodbye...
to Cheong A.
What will you do from now on?
I won't do anything.
When...
Today.
All right.
I didn't attend the general meeting of stockholders the other day.
Why does it say Cheong A Foundation voted yes?
I heard you submitted your power of attorney.
Where are you going?
I'm going up there.
I want to go up high...
before I leave.
Pil Joo, I wrapped everything up.
I'm going back home.
Once I arrive at Gapyeong, I won't be anywhere near computers again.
This is...
my last time to talk to you on the phone.
All right. You can keep away from everyone.
Thank you.
Yong Goo.
I appreciate everything what you've done.
You should be happy.
I'm hanging up.
Pil Joo.
You did a good job.
Kim Yoo Chul.
I said I'm Jang Yoo Chul, you jerk.
How many more times do I have to tell you?
Sir,
the weather is lovely.
The stock price of Cheong A's subsidiary companies...
remains mostly unchanged,
but some have dropped a bit.
Cheong A is looking for a new CEO.
The former CEO was expelled...
as he wasn't capable enough.
The dividend of Cheong A shares...
that the foundation owns shrank a lot in the past two years.
We need to reduce the events to gain favor...
with the government or particular groups.
If we waste money on such things, we won't have any for those in need.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm leaving.
(From Executive Director Na Mo Hyun of Cheong A Foundation)
Please send this for me.
Mail delivery!
You've got a mail!
(To Kang Pil Joo)
(CEO recruitment guidelines of Cheong A Bio holding company)
(From Executive Director Na Mo Hyun of Cheong A Foundation)
(Ms. Na Mo Hyun)
Pil Joo.
(The Late Kang Pil Joo)
Pil Joo,
I'm giving you back your name.
It had been very useful.
Thank you.
(The Late Kang Pil Joo)
(Interview for New CEO of Cheong A Bio holding company)
You have 30 minutes.
Please give us an oral presentation...
on your vision for Cheong A's management.
Yes, sir.
(Interview for New CEO of Cheong A Bio holding company)
Let me begin.
(Money Flower)
(Thank you for watching Money Flower.)